And then once that security group mumbo jumbo was configured,
then we --- at that point we pretty much had everything we
needed to actually deploy the application.
So we had to complete the configuration of our software.
So if we go back to like our actual Elastic
Beanstalk application in Configuration, we changed our software configuration.
We changed the version of Node that we're running on our instances to 622.
We created a virtual directory for our static assets so the
NGINX proxy server on each of our instances will serve static
assets rather than Node doing it.
The Express static server is much slower than NGINX would be.
So we configure that directory so NGINX will serve up our
JavaScript and CSS and images and what have you.
And then we created three environment properties.
We set the NODE_ENV to production,
we set the NPM_CONFIG_PRODUCTION value to true so that when Elastic
Beanstalk does npm install on our application it only installs the
dependencies that are necessary for production,
and then we also created a Postgres connection URL,
which we are here storing as a system environment variable
that we created through the interface,
but an alternate way that you could do that is to store this connection
string somewhere else outside of the administrative interface.
You could store it in an S3 bucket or something of that nature.
Because this database can't accept connections from the public internet,
it's like not the end of the world necessarily,
but the proper way to do this with any secret value like this would be
to have outside of the administrative interface.
For our purposes, it's a decent solution.
So, after that was configured --- Bruce asks,
does anyone know what the needed environment properties
are for the todomvc config screen?
That would be these three.
We need --- the environment variables that you need in
production are the NODE_ENV set to production,
the NPM_CONFIG_PRODUCTION flag set to true,
and then a RDS_CONNECTION_URL,
which is the database connection string for the actual Postgres database.
And that URL string comes from --- the URL string for RDS comes from
configuration for the RDS instance that we created.
So if we go to our Instances over here, here's the one that we created.
If we inspect its properties,
we can see what's labeled as the Writer Endpoint over here,
and that is essentially the internal address of that particular database.
And when we created the database, we created a user, which we called awsuser.
So we included those credentials in the format Postgres://username:
password at this URL:5432 at this URL port 5432/todos,
which is the name of the database that we needed to connect to.
So that is the full genesis of that RDS connection string.
So if you create an instance like that, and you're in development,
and you just let it sit for a while,
does it just go away after a month or something of inactivity,
or does it stay there forever?
It'll stay there forever.
So yeah,
you can --- the default configuration is that you can
only ever have one instance running, so we can take a look at that.
So, that is actually like an Auto Scaling or like a scaling configuration.
So, if we go in here for Scaling, we have like the minimum instance count of 1,
and then we also have the maximum of 4 configured right now.
(Audience comment- inaudible) Yeah, I know.
I'm too excited.
I can't sit down --- there's --- with this must raw AWS action going on.
So yeah, lots of yak shaving at the beginning.
But when you get past that, as I said,
we're really in the situation of building your application,
zipping it up, and deploying it with eb deploy.
There are different options you can do.
You can deploy applications to different environments.
There's lots of flexibility that you have with the platform,
but in terms of the workflow, it improves significantly from here on out.
So was that helpful to go through one more time?
So yeah, there we have it.
I think I've successfully made sure that like 50% of you will run screaming
for tomorrow with dropping this AWS bomb on you today.
But tomorrow, now that we have this bad boy up in production,
we're going to be focusing mostly on more of the application stack.
We'll be looking at the front-end toolchain.
We'll be learning a little bit about Vue.
js and how we implement a rich front end with Vue.
We'll be adding some features.
We might've successfully got our back-end application
working to set that completed flag,
but we still have to do some work in the user interface to make that happen,
so we'll be doing some work with Vue.
js tomorrow.
We'll be talking a little bit about monitoring a production environment.
We'll add some modest real-time features with Socket.
IO to our todo application so we can see how that plays out
in our production environment as well.
Nothing too crazy, but we will be adding a little bit of real-time spice,
and we'll be looking at how to implement web analytics.
Because we're using Node and Browserify,
we have kind of a nice way to implement Google Analytics
in our application both for custom event tracking and for
basic stuff like page views.
So we'll implement universal analytics in the front end as well.
So yeah, I think --- you think this is definitely the hardest part,
so if you want to keep banging on it, we definitely still have some time.
I'm happy to go through any of those steps again for anybody.
Question if there is going to be merge for the exercise3 solution?
And there definitely will be.
I'll push out my local changes for the database piece in the migration.
We have a question if we can work along with our local environment tomorrow?
You absolutely can.
You don't have to use the production environment if you don't want to tomorrow.
You can just use your local development environment.
Alright, with that, I think I'm going to un-mic,
but I will stay on the chat and stay in the room for
anybody that wants to keep on trucking.
If you have questions on the deployment stuff or on the any
of the Node stuff that we covered today,
I'd be happy to answer any questions that you have or talk about
specific scenarios that you're interested in.
I know that was a lot, I hope it was helpful,
but once you kind of get through all this stuff,
as we'll actually see tomorrow,
this environment can actually take a decent beating much more than you
would think out of compute resources of this size. So we'll beat up on it a little bit tomorrow and see how that works as well.